

    The code opens the CSV file and creates a dictionary reader.
    The code then iterates through each row in the file, creating an empty list for timestamps, packet_timestamps, order_ids, maker_order_ids, and taker_order_ids.
    The code calculates the median of all values in the timestamp column to create a new variable called median.
    The code will open the CSV file, and create a dictionary.
    The code then iterates through the data in the CSV file, and creates an ordered list of timestamps.
    The code starts by creating a list of timestamps and packet_timestamps.
    It then loops through the list, checking for strictly increasing values.
    If there is a discrepancy in the order of the timestamp or packet timestamp, it prints out that information to screen.
    The code starts by creating two lists: timestamps and packet_timestamps.
    The first list contains all of the timestaps while the second list contains only those with an integer value greater than zero (packet timestamps).
    Then it creates a variable called msg_type which will store each row's message type as well as its timestamp and packet timestamp.
    Next, it creates another variable called match_done_times which stores how many times this particular row was matched against other rows in csv file.
    Finally, it loops through each row in csv reader and checks if any of these variables are not strictly increasing values (elements that do not have an integer value greater than zero).
    If they are not strictly increasing values, then print out that information to screen so we can see what happened with them
    The code iterates over each row in the csv_reader and checks for timestamp discrepancies.
    If a discrepancy is found, then it prints out the message type and timestamp.
    The code also iterates over each row in the csv_reader and checks for packet timestamp discrepancies.
    If a discrepancy is found, then it prints out the message type and packet timestamp.
    The code first checks if the message type is DONE.
    If it is, then it will check to see if the corresponding Order ID exists.
    If not, then a MATCH message discrepancy error will be printed out and an exception will be raised.
    If the message type is NOT DONE, then it checks to see if the MakerOrderId and TakerOrderId exist in order_ids.
    If they do not exist, then a MATCH message discrepancy error will be printed out and an exception will be raised.
    The code is used to check for discrepancies in the order messages.
    If a message type doesn't exist, it will print out an error message on the console.
    The first if statement checks if the corresponding Order ID exists.
    If it does not exist, then the code prints out a DONE message discrepancy - non-existing Order ID: followed by the row of data that was passed into this function.
    The second if statement checks for Maker and Taker Order IDs and prints out a MATCH message discrepancy - non-existing Maker or Taker Order ID: followed by the row of data that was passed into this function.
    The code starts by creating a list of order IDs.
    Then it creates a list of maker orders and taker orders.
    Next, the code calculates the time between MATCH and DONE messages for each message type.
    The code then calculates summary data based on this information.
    The first line is an import statement that imports the pandas module so we can use its functions to create lists in our program: import pandas as pd Next, we create two lists: one with all order IDs and another with all maker orders order_ids = [] maker_orders = [] taker_orders = [] Then, we calculate how long it takes for MATCH to finish (the difference between when the packet timestamp was sent and when it finished) using Timestamp from MessageType : match_done_times = {} for msg in mssg: match_done_times[msg['MessageType']] = int(msg['Timestamp']) - int(msg['PacketTimestamp'])
    The code calculates the time between MATCH and DONE messages.
    The code above is executed when a match message is received.
    It calculates the time difference between the timestamp of the packet and that of the message, which is then stored in a list called match_done_times.
    The code above is executed when a done message is received.
    It calculates the time difference between the timestamp of the packet and that of its corresponding message, which is then stored in a list called done_times.
    The code starts by creating a file object.
    This is done with the open() function, which takes two parameters: the path to the file and an integer that specifies how many bytes should be read from the file.
    The tell() method of this object returns how many bytes are currently in the file.
    The code then calculates how much data has been written to this particular file so far, using len(timestamps) and num_updates .
    It also calculates when each update was made, using datetime.fromtimestamp() .
    Next, it creates a start timestamp for all updates in this particular packet (the first one), as well as an end timestamp for all updates in this particular packet (the last one).
    It does so by taking datetime.fromtimestamp(packet_timestamps[0] / 1e9) , which will return a time stamp between 0 and 9999 seconds ago; then it subtracts 1e9 from that value to get a time stamp between 0 and 999 seconds ago; finally it divides that number by 1000 to get minutes ago or hours ago or days ago or whatever else you want your time stamps to be relative too.
    It then creates order ids for lost packets with len
    The code calculates the file size of a given file.
    The code starts by calculating the start time and end time for a given file, which is calculated using datetime.fromtimestamp() methods.
    It then calculates the number of updates in that file and finally calculates the total size of that file in bytes.
    The code starts by importing the numpy library.
    The code then creates a list of timestamps and stores them in a variable called start_timestamp, end_timestamp, start_packet_timestamp, and end_packet_timestamp.
    The code then calculates the median for each timestamp to get the median update time.
    Next, it calculates the median match done time by taking all of the match done times from 1 to num updates minus one and dividing that number by how many matches there were.
    It prints out this data on screen as well as outputting it into a text file with some summary information about what is happening with these packets over time.
    The code uses the pandas library to calculate the median and average of a set of timestamps.
    The median is calculated by taking all the values in order from smallest to largest, then dividing that number by how many values are in the list.
    The average is calculated by taking all the values and adding them together, then dividing that sum by how many values are in the list.


